for what there is a system zero are you familiar with DTS defense travel
services and it's an automated system the they feared circuits you
you you once you get full you need to go so for you do you go into
the T. S. you plan your trip then the projects also supply officer
will get you a travel voucher number that gets applied in the book the
travel and you also have your government travel card if the issue
that you have already been issued for the issue and then they can book
that said did you execute the travel and then at the end you come
back and you follow travel keep your receipts anything over forty
five Bucks overall hopeful that is sure the I kept everything ever receive
over forty five dollars so now it is followed in and fill out
we used to have trouble quirks that before all this out for yeah the
case anymore you have to call their own experts travel so we help
those things it's probably the hardest for trouble all of the trial
to make sure that you get all your expenses based I font strolls for
both jobs that's a short